# MyFirstMicrogame
Project Title: "My First Microgame" 

Description: The game I created was a FPS (first person shooter) with several bosses and enemies. This game includes 2 different weapons, a laser gun and shotgun, has healing drops, and implements an ammo feature where you have to cool down your weapon every so often. Furthermore, this game features a health bar and a compass to ensure you know where all of the enemies are located. Finally, around the Map you'll notice several design/decoration features like crystals or the rocket used to enhance the in game visual experience. 

Setup Instructions: To open the game you need to download the Index file under the "Doc" File within my repository. You can choose to open the index file in your default web browser or upload the build files to unity in order to use the build & run feature. This may work if the Index file is having issues.

Reflection: During the time I was doing the tutorials and making this game the features and steps it asked to follow were, for the most part, simple and easy to use. I learned how to do several things such as play testing, how to add prefabs, how to change the color of GameObjects, how to add enemy bots, how to import assets, etc. Placing the objects, applying textures, and importing assets came easy and within those steps I did not struggle, however, when it came to getting the right files to place into my repository I struggled. After Importing the build files and other dependencies to the Doc file in my repository I then had to figure out which file opened the game, which ended up being the index file, which I wasn't sure why it wouldn't allow me to open the game in my default web browser. In the end I believed that in order to get the game running the player would have to import the build files into unity in order to play the game.
